Require `kid` from `jwks` to be included in JWE response header (#478)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

The key material used for encryption and signing SHOULD be determined using existing metadata mechanisms. 

> To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the public key obtained from the `jwks` claim contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value for the `kid` JWE response header parameter to hint to the Verifier which public key is used to encrypt the JWE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the public key obtained from the `jwks` claim contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value in the `kid` JWE header of the encrypted response. This enables the Verifier to identify the specific public key used to encrypt the response.
```

> To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the selected public key contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value in the `kid` JWE header of the encrypted response. This enables the Verifier to identify the specific public key used to encrypt the response.

Reviewer 2: I guess it would make sense to reference the JWE RFC here?
```suggestion
To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the selected public key contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value in the `kid` JWE Header Parameter (as defined in Section 4.1.6 of [@!RFC7516]) of the encrypted response. This enables the Verifier to identify the specific public key used to encrypt the response.
```

> To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the public key obtained from the `jwks` claim contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value in the `kid` JWE header of the encrypted response. This enables the Verifier to identify the specific public key used to encrypt the response.

Reviewer 3: I think this text should apply if the key comes from federation too, so I suggest removing the "obtained from the 'jwks' claim".

```suggestion
To obtain Verifier's public key for the input to the key agreement to encrypt the Authorization Response, the Wallet MUST use `jwks` claim within the `client_metadata` request parameter, or within the metadata defined in the Entity Configuration when [@!OpenID.Federation] is used, or other mechanisms. If the selected public key contains a `kid` parameter, the JWE MUST include the same value in the `kid` JWE header of the encrypted response. This enables the Verifier to identify the specific public key used to encrypt the response.
```
